
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               379646084500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 240390                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 827140                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   302396                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   415.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              912629699                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   100000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     125793993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.379646                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                379646084500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           5058678                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     125793993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    47374248                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                        154484                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    17694721                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        442815                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   146030520                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        759292169                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  759292169                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             26575754                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            36968347                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3953386                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    835                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           835                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1311                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 577                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       69318                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             124882992                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    124882992                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           314740254                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          102332038                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    47374238                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      65068958                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   17694720                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass               8069700      6.07%      6.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  59683295     44.89%     50.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   130946      0.10%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      21      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      142      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      126      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     241      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 47374156     35.63%     86.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                17694556     13.31%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  82      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                164      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  132953499                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    89                       # Number of system calls
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2181868                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       4380659                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2381176                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          869                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4764921                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            869                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1045417                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1176010                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1005858                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1153374                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1153374                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1045417                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      6579450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      6579450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                6579450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    215987264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    215987264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               215987264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           2198791                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 2198791    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             2198791                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          9116586500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        11601455500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 379646084500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1155484                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2549236                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2014659                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1228261                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1228261                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           521                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1154963                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7147624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               7148666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        33344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    240412800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              240446144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         2182719                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  75264640                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          4566464                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000191                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.013802                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                4565594     99.98%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    870      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            4566464                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3755686500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3574836000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            781500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 379646084500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                    1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data               184953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   184954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                   1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data              184953                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  184954                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst                520                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data            2198271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                2198791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst               520                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data           2198271                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               2198791                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39324500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 168071833000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     168111157500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39324500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 168071833000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    168111157500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst              521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data          2383224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2383745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst             521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         2383224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2383745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.998081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.922394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.922410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.998081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.922394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.922410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 75624.038462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76456.375488                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76456.178645                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 75624.038462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76456.375488                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76456.178645                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks             1176010                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1176010                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       2198271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           2198791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          520                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2198271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          2198791                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34124500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 146089123000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 146123247500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34124500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 146089123000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 146123247500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.922394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.922410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.922394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.922410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65624.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66456.375488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66456.178645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65624.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66456.375488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66456.178645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                        2182719                       # number of replacements
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1373226                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1373226                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1373226                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1373226                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks           18                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            18                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data             74887                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 74887                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data         1153374                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             1153374                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  86965766500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   86965766500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data       1228261                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1228261                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.939030                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.939030                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75401.185132                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75401.185132                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1153374                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        1153374                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  75432026500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  75432026500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.939030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.939030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65401.185132                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65401.185132                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst          520                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              520                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39324500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     39324500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          521                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            521                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998081                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.998081                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 75624.038462                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75624.038462                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          520                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          520                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34124500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34124500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65624.038462                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65624.038462                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data        110066                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            110066                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data      1044897                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1044897                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  81106066500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  81106066500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1154963                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1154963                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.904702                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.904702                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77621.111459                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77621.111459                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1044897                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      1044897                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  70657096500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  70657096500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.904702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.904702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67621.111459                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67621.111459                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 379646084500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 15508.943154                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4764902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   2199103                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.166748                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks      16.293815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst        36.860513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data     15455.788826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.000994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.002250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.943346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.946591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          949                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  40318463                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 40318463                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 379646084500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          33280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data      140689344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          140722624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        33280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         33280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks     75264640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        75264640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst             520                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data         2198271                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             2198791                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks      1176010                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1176010                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst             87661                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data         370580258                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             370667919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        87661                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            87661                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks      198249483                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            198249483                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks      198249483                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst            87661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data        370580258                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            568917402                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1176010.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       520.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples   2198171.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.041774848500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds        73088                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds        73088                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState             5593750                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState            1104311                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     2198791                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1176010                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   2198791                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1176010                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    100                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            137390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            137486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            137390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            137413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            137471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            137587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            137594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            137553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            137776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            137406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           137490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           137580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           137229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           136881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           137284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           137161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             73506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             73696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             73724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             73791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             73278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             73306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             73426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             73417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             73639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             73418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            73542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            73690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            73434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            73219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            73527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            73375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  15194850750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                10993455000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             56420307000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      6910.86                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                25660.86                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1934487                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1046610                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 87.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                89.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               2198791                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1176010                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 2163592                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   30936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2315                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    1848                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   3242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   3286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  72159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  72773                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  73000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  73098                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  73115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  73303                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  73226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  73296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  73115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  73105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  73113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  73089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  73505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  73102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  73361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  73094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       393576                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    548.760615                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   354.190487                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   390.381533                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        89987     22.86%     22.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        34884      8.86%     31.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        27917      7.09%     38.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19058      4.84%     43.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        63129     16.04%     59.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         6182      1.57%     61.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        15836      4.02%     65.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         8948      2.27%     67.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       127635     32.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       393576                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        73088                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      30.082667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     28.037333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     38.000368                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         72897     99.74%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           62      0.08%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           61      0.08%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            4      0.01%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           16      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            8      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            5      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            7      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            3      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            4      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            2      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            4      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            5      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         73088                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        73088                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.090028                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.085021                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.416484                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            69794     95.49%     95.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               42      0.06%     95.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             3232      4.42%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               13      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                3      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         73088                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              140716224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    6400                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                75263232                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               140722624                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             75264640                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       370.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       198.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    370.67                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    198.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  379645793500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     112494.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        33280                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data    140682944                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     75263232                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 87660.590636224515                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 370563400.345039010048                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 198245774.348293066025                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          520                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data      2198271                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1176010                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12897000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  56407410000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 9111404359750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     24801.92                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25659.90                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   7747726.94                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    88.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actEnergy           1406944140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.preEnergy            747793365                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.readEnergy          7845481980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.writeEnergy         3068545680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.refreshEnergy     29968617120.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actBackEnergy     108806142330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.preBackEnergy      54157871520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.totalEnergy       206001396135                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.averagePower        542.614305                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.totalIdleTime                0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 139380678000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF  12677080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT 227588326500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actEnergy           1403231340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.preEnergy            745827555                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.readEnergy          7853171760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.writeEnergy         3070111680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.refreshEnergy     29968617120.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actBackEnergy     109553524050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.preBackEnergy      53528497440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.totalEnergy       206122980945                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.averagePower        542.934563                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.totalIdleTime                0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 137737775750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF  12677080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT 229231228750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 379646084500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst    146029999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        146029999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst    146029999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       146029999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          521                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           521                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40638500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40638500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40638500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40638500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst    146030520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    146030520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst    146030520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    146030520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 78000.959693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78000.959693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 78000.959693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78000.959693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40117500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40117500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40117500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40117500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 77000.959693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77000.959693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 77000.959693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77000.959693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                      0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst    146029999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       146029999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          521                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           521                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40638500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40638500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst    146030520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    146030520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 78000.959693                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78000.959693                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40117500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40117500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 77000.959693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77000.959693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 379646084500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           425.719108                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           146030520                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          280288.905950                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   425.719108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.207871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.207871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          521                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          521                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.254395                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1168244681                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1168244681                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 379646084500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 379646084500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock           8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 379646084500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 379646084500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 379646084500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 379646084500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 379646084500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     62635647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         62635647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     62635647                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        62635647                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data      2317688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2317688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      2383224                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2383224                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 170295329500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 170295329500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 170295329500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 170295329500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     64953335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     64953335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     65018871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     65018871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036654                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036654                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73476.382283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73476.382283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71455.863779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71455.863779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1218169                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             20621                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    59.074196                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks      1373226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1373226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2317688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2317688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2383224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2383224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 167977641500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 167977641500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 173589026917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 173589026917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72476.382283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72476.382283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72837.898123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72837.898123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                2381176                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     46219285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        46219285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      1089427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1089427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  79472552000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  79472552000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     47308712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47308712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72948.946556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72948.946556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1089427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1089427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  78383125000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  78383125000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71948.946556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71948.946556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     16416362                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       16416362                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data      1228261                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1228261                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  90822777500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  90822777500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     17644623                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17644623                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.069611                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.069611                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73944.200378                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73944.200378                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1228261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1228261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  89594516500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  89594516500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.069611                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069611                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72944.200378                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72944.200378                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5611385417                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5611385417                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 85622.946426                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85622.946426                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 379646084500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1945.163594                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            65018871                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2383224                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             27.281897                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            189500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1945.163594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.949787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.949787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          336                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         522534192                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        522534192                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 379646084500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 379646084500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
