
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               322096301500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 320513                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 825476                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   403186                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   312.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1032360978                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   100000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     125793993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.322096                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                322096301500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           5058678                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     125793993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    47374240                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                        154484                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    17694720                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        442815                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   146030520                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        644192603                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  644192603                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             26575754                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            36968347                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3953386                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    835                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           835                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1311                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 577                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       69318                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             124882992                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    124882992                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           314740254                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          102332038                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    47374238                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      65068958                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   17694720                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass               8069700      6.07%      6.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  59683295     44.89%     50.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   130946      0.10%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      21      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      142      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      126      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     241      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 47374156     35.63%     86.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                17694556     13.31%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  82      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                164      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  132953499                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    89                       # Number of system calls
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1252211                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       2512983                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1518084                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        85020                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      3037503                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          85020                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             566852                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       715360                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           536851                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            693920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           693920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        566852                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3773755                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      3773755                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                3773755                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    252944896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    252944896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               252944896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1260772                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1260772    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1260772                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          8251919000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        11730997250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 322096301500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            714073                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1695744                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            7                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1101700                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           805346                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          805346                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           318                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       713755                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          643                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4556279                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               4556922                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        41600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    319934080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              319975680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1279367                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  91566080                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          2798786                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.030378                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.171625                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                2713765     96.96%     96.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  85021      3.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            2798786                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3479533500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3797752500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 322096301500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                    1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data               258646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   258647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                   1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data              258646                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  258647                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst                317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data            1260455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1260772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst               317                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data           1260455                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1260772                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     26504000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 109039116000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     109065620000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     26504000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 109039116000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    109065620000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst              318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data          1519101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1519419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst             318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         1519101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1519419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.996855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.829737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.829772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.996855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.829737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.829772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 83608.832808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86507.742046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86507.013163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 83608.832808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86507.742046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86507.013163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks              715360                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    715360                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       1260455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1260772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1260455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1260772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     23334000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  96434566000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  96457900000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     23334000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  96434566000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  96457900000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.996855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.829737                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.829772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.996855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.829737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.829772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 73608.832808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76507.742046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76507.013163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 73608.832808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76507.742046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76507.013163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                        1279367                       # number of replacements
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       980384                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           980384                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       980384                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       980384                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks            7                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                7                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks            7                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            7                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks        57864                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         57864                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data            111426                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                111426                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data          693920                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              693920                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  62048784500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   62048784500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data        805346                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            805346                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.861642                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.861642                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 89417.777986                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89417.777986                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       693920                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         693920                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55109584500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  55109584500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.861642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79417.777986                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79417.777986                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst          317                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              317                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     26504000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     26504000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          318                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            318                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.996855                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.996855                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 83608.832808                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83608.832808                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          317                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          317                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     23334000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23334000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.996855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 73608.832808                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73608.832808                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data        147220                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            147220                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data       566535                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          566535                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46990331500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  46990331500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data       713755                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        713755                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.793739                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.793739                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 82943.386552                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82943.386552                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       566535                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       566535                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41324981500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41324981500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.793739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.793739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72943.386552                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72943.386552                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 322096301500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7680.156388                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     2979638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1287559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.314176                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     144.595401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst        14.378967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data      7521.182020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.017651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.001755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.918113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.937519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          696                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3556                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3823                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4325061                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4325061                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 322096301500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          40576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data      161338240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          161378816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        40576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         40576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks     91566080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        91566080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst             317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data         1260455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1260772                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks       715360                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             715360                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst            125975                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data         500900629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             501026604                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       125975                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           125975                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks      284281687                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            284281687                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks      284281687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst           125975                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data        500900629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            785308291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1430681.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       634.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples   2518782.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.009298496500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds        83814                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds        83814                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState             4498811                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState            1348818                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1260772                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     715360                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   2521544                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1430720                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   2128                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    39                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            156318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            157091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            157556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            157868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            156613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            158054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            156651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            156560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            158686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            157497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           157310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           158822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           159001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           158939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           156236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           156214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             88210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             89203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             89710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             90126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             88262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             89741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             88226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             88233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             90414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             89481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            89244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            90826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            91166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            91242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            88338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            88236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       2.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  36415203500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                12597080000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             83654253500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     14453.83                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                33203.83                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  2252682                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1260776                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 89.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               2521544                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1430720                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1254311                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 1254263                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    2736                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                    2823                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                    2370                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                     504                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                     297                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  42771                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  42886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  83232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  84445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  83741                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  83845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  84001                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  84407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  84323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  84124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  84250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  84108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  83909                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  83841                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  83828                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  83853                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  83846                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  83816                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                   1433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       436613                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    579.012425                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   390.015119                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   415.197197                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        11036      2.53%      2.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       156552     35.86%     38.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        22312      5.11%     43.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19035      4.36%     47.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        15004      3.44%     51.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         9845      2.25%     53.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         9953      2.28%     55.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        10617      2.43%     58.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       182259     41.74%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       436613                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        83814                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      30.059489                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     47.524871                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         83516     99.64%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511          225      0.27%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            2      0.00%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023           23      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279           41      0.05%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         83814                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        83814                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.069439                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.035508                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.081283                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            40792     48.67%     48.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               69      0.08%     48.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            41082     49.02%     97.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              121      0.14%     97.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20             1721      2.05%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21               22      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                5      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         83814                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              161242624                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  136192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                91562112                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               161378816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             91566080                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       500.60                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       284.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    501.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    284.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    2.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  322096071500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     162993.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        40576                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data    161202048                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     91562112                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 125974.746717170856                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 500477798.873452723026                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 284269367.805826842785                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          634                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data      2520910                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1430720                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     19177000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  83635076500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 7592180317750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30247.63                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     33176.54                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   5306545.18                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    88.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actEnergy           1582081200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.preEnergy            840888510                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.readEnergy          9015713700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.writeEnergy         3752903340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.refreshEnergy     25425812880.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actBackEnergy      83898710400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.preBackEnergy      53033434560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.totalEnergy       177549544590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.averagePower        551.231243                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.totalIdleTime                0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 136473900750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF  10755420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT 174866980750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actEnergy           1535357040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.preEnergy            816057825                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.readEnergy          8972916540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.writeEnergy         3715131420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.refreshEnergy     25425812880.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actBackEnergy      84104545380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.preBackEnergy      52860099840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.totalEnergy       177429920925                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.averagePower        550.859852                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.totalIdleTime                0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 136015867500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF  10755420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT 175325014000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 322096301500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst    146030202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        146030202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst    146030202                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       146030202                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          318                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           318                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     27310500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     27310500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     27310500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     27310500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst    146030520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    146030520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst    146030520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    146030520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85882.075472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85882.075472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85882.075472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85882.075472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks            7                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                 7                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     26992500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     26992500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     26992500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     26992500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84882.075472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84882.075472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84882.075472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84882.075472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                      7                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst    146030202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       146030202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     27310500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     27310500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst    146030520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    146030520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85882.075472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85882.075472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     26992500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26992500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84882.075472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84882.075472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 322096301500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           262.749692                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           146030520                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               318                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          459215.471698                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             92500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   262.749692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.256591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.256591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          311                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          311                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.303711                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         292061358                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        292061358                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 322096301500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 322096301500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock           8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 322096301500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 322096301500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 322096301500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 322096301500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 322096301500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     63466997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         63466997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     63481319                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        63481319                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data      1486329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1486329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      1537543                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1537543                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 112404503500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 112404503500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 112404503500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 112404503500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     64953326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     64953326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     65018862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     65018862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75625.587269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75625.587269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73106.575556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73106.575556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       209303                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              2135                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    98.034192                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks       980384                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            980384                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1486329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1486329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1519101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1519101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 110918174500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 110918174500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 114033607000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 114033607000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74625.587269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74625.587269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75066.507757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75066.507757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                1518077                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     46627721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        46627721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       680983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        680983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47172356500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  47172356500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     47308704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47308704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69270.975193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69270.975193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       680983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       680983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46491373500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  46491373500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68270.975193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68270.975193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     16839276                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       16839276                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       805346                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       805346                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  65232147000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  65232147000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     17644622                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17644622                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045643                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.045643                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 80998.908544                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80998.908544                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       805346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       805346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  64426801000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  64426801000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045643                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045643                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79998.908544                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79998.908544                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data        14322                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         14322                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data        51214                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        51214                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.781464                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.781464                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32772                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        32772                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3115432500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3115432500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500061                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500061                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 95063.850238                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95063.850238                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 322096301500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           964.563691                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            65000420                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1519101                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             42.788741                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            201500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   964.563691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.941957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.941957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          319                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          605                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         131556825                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        131556825                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 322096301500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 322096301500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
