
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               383640432500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 319610                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 828164                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   402050                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   312.88                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1226152324                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   100000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     125793993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.383640                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                383640432500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           5058678                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     125793993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    47374248                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                        154484                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    17694721                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        442815                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   146030520                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        767280865                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  767280865                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             26575754                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            36968347                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3953386                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    835                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           835                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1311                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 577                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       69318                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             124882992                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    124882992                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           314740254                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          102332038                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    47374238                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      65068958                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   17694720                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass               8069700      6.07%      6.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  59683295     44.89%     50.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   130946      0.10%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      21      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      142      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      126      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     241      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 47374156     35.63%     86.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                17694556     13.31%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  82      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                164      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  132953499                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    89                       # Number of system calls
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2202572                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       4422180                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2432516                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        83107                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4867595                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          83107                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1056061                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1194665                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1007907                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1163547                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1163547                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1056061                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      6641788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      6641788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                6641788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    218513472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    218513472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               218513472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           2219608                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 2219608    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             2219608                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          9231670000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        11716055750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383640432500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1192146                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2617310                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2043938                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1242933                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1242933                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           521                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1191625                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7301626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               7302674                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        33728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    246860992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              246894720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         2228738                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  76458560                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          4663817                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.017820                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.132296                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                4580709     98.22%     98.22% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  83108      1.78%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            4663817                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3856448500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3651837000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            781500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383640432500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                    1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data               215470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   215471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                   1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data              215470                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  215471                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst                520                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data            2219088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                2219608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst               520                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data           2219088                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               2219608                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39553500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 171717063500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     171756617000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39553500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 171717063500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    171756617000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst              521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data          2434558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2435079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst             521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         2434558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2435079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.998081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.911495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.911514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.998081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.911495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.911514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 76064.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77381.817891                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77381.509257                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 76064.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77381.817891                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77381.509257                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks             1194665                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1194665                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       2219088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           2219608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          520                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2219088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          2219608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34353500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 149526183500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 149560537000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34353500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 149526183500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 149560537000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.911495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.911514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.911495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.911514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66064.423077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67381.817891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67381.509257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66064.423077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67381.817891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67381.509257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                        2228738                       # number of replacements
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1422645                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1422645                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1422645                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1422645                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks            6                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                6                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks            6                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            6                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks        56941                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         56941                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data             79386                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 79386                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data         1163547                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             1163547                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  91947222000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   91947222000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data       1242933                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1242933                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.936130                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.936130                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79023.212642                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79023.212642                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1163547                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        1163547                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  80311752000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  80311752000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.936130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.936130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69023.212642                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69023.212642                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst          520                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              520                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39553500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     39553500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          521                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            521                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998081                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.998081                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 76064.423077                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76064.423077                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          520                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          520                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34353500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34353500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66064.423077                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66064.423077                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data        136084                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            136084                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data      1055541                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1055541                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  79769841500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  79769841500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1191625                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1191625                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885800                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.885800                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75572.470894                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75572.470894                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1055541                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      1055541                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  69214431500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  69214431500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.885800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65572.470894                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65572.470894                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383640432500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 15514.767628                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4810653                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   2245122                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.142713                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     244.564753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst        19.239672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data     15250.963203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.014927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.001174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.930845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.946946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7300                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7796                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   7112716                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  7112716                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383640432500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          33280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data      142021632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          142054912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        33280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         33280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks     76458560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        76458560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst             520                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data         2219088                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             2219608                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks      1194665                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1194665                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst             86748                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data         370194641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             370281388                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        86748                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            86748                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks      199297450                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            199297450                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks      199297450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst            86748                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data        370194641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            569578839                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1194652.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       520.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples   2218348.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.010504128750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds        74131                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds        74131                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState             5651899                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState            1122320                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     2219608                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1194665                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   2219608                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1194665                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    740                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    13                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            138396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            138566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            138656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            138833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            138554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            139006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            138541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            138460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            139195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            138684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           138621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           139045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           139068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           138908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           138218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           138117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             74385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             74698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             74901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             75133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             74239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             74681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             74196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             74210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             74984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             74632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            74574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            75063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            75203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            75157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            74376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            74193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.28                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  17403981500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                11094340000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             59007756500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      7843.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                26593.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1938116                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1052894                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               2219608                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1194665                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 2183391                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   30898                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2708                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    1871                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   4122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   4168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  73086                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  73554                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  73883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  74148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  74159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  74635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  74262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  74561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  74222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  74227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  74155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  74142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  74566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  74139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  74466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  74135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       422473                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    517.105027                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   319.304955                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   393.612732                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       115857     27.42%     27.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        30718      7.27%     34.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        33956      8.04%     42.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        21285      5.04%     47.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        64863     15.35%     63.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         9577      2.27%     65.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         8060      1.91%     67.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         8349      1.98%     69.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       129808     30.73%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       422473                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        74131                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      29.931486                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     41.941508                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         74006     99.83%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           53      0.07%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767           64      0.09%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         74131                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        74131                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.115053                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.108545                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.475428                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            69959     94.37%     94.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               44      0.06%     94.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             3912      5.28%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              207      0.28%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                6      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         74131                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              142007552                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   47360                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                76456000                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               142054912                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             76458560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       370.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       199.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    370.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    199.30                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  383640202500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     112363.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        33280                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data    141974272                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     76456000                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 86747.895114001047                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 370071191.596834599972                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 199290777.308775961399                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          520                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data      2219088                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1194665                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     13125500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  58994631000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 9262843428250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25241.35                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26585.08                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   7753506.99                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    87.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actEnergy           1523740260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.preEnergy            809868180                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.readEnergy          7924371840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.writeEnergy         3122510040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.refreshEnergy     30283927440.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actBackEnergy     111997454340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.preBackEnergy      53004280320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.totalEnergy       208666152420                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.averagePower        543.910742                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.totalIdleTime                0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 136319483250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF  12810460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT 234510489250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actEnergy           1492788360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.preEnergy            793416855                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.readEnergy          7918345680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.writeEnergy         3113432460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.refreshEnergy     30283927440.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actBackEnergy     112822302480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.preBackEnergy      52309671360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.totalEnergy       208733884635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.averagePower        544.087294                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.totalIdleTime                0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 134510202000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF  12810460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT 236319770500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383640432500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst    146029999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        146029999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst    146029999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       146029999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          521                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           521                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40867500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40867500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40867500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40867500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst    146030520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    146030520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst    146030520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    146030520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 78440.499040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78440.499040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 78440.499040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78440.499040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks            6                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                 6                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40346500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40346500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40346500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40346500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 77440.499040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77440.499040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 77440.499040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77440.499040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                      6                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst    146029999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       146029999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          521                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           521                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40867500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40867500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst    146030520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    146030520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 78440.499040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78440.499040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40346500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40346500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 77440.499040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77440.499040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383640432500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           420.870841                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           146030520                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          280288.905950                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   420.870841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.205503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.205503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          515                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          515                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.251465                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         292061561                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        292061561                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383640432500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383640432500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock           8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383640432500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383640432500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383640432500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383640432500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383640432500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     62584313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         62584313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     62584313                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        62584313                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data      2369022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2369022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      2434558                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2434558                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 174341329500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 174341329500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 174341329500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 174341329500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     64953335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     64953335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     65018871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     65018871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73592.110795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73592.110795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71611.080738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71611.080738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1217193                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             20419                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    59.610804                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks      1422645                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1422645                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2369022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2369022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2434558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2434558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 171972307500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 171972307500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 177631691364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 177631691364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72592.110795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72592.110795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72962.604039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72962.604039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                2432510                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     46182623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        46182623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      1126089                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1126089                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  78453220000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  78453220000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     47308712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47308712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023803                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023803                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69668.756200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69668.756200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1126089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1126089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  77327131000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  77327131000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023803                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023803                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68668.756200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68668.756200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     16401690                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       16401690                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data      1242933                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1242933                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  95888109500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  95888109500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     17644623                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17644623                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.070443                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.070443                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77146.643866                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77146.643866                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1242933                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1242933                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  94645176500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  94645176500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.070443                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070443                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76146.643866                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76146.643866                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5659383864                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5659383864                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86355.344604                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86355.344604                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383640432500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1946.223116                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            65018871                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2434558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             26.706643                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            189500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1946.223116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.950304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.950304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          343                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1285                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          364                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         132472300                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        132472300                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383640432500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 383640432500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
