
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               384327232500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 336311                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 828164                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   423059                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   297.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1292534043                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   100000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     125793993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.384327                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                384327232500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           5058678                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     125793993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    47374248                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                        154484                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    17694721                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        442815                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   146030520                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        768654465                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  768654465                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             26575754                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            36968347                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3953386                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    835                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           835                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1311                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 577                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       69318                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             124882992                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    124882992                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           314740254                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          102332038                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    47374238                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      65068958                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   17694720                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass               8069700      6.07%      6.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  59683295     44.89%     50.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   130946      0.10%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      21      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      142      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      126      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     241      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 47374156     35.63%     86.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                17694556     13.31%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  82      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                164      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  132953499                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    89                       # Number of system calls
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2200967                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       4418930                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2496824                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       102164                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4996186                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         102164                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1053866                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1195466                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1005501                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1164097                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1164097                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1053866                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      6636893                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      6636893                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                6636893                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    218459456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    218459456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               218459456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           2217963                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 2217963    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             2217963                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          9231579500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        11707023750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 384327232500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1229639                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2683556                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           62                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2053528                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1269723                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1269723                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           552                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1229087                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7494382                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               7495548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        39296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    255161600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              255200896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         2240322                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  76509824                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          4739684                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.021555                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.145226                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                4637519     97.84%     97.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 102165      2.16%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            4739684                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3986245000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3748215000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            828000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 384327232500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                   19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data               281380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   281399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                  19                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data              281380                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  281399                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst                533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data            2217430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                2217963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst               533                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data           2217430                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               2217963                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41035000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 171573690500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     171614725500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41035000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 171573690500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    171614725500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst              552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data          2498810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2499362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst             552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         2498810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2499362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.965580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.887394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.887412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.965580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.887394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.887412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 76988.742964                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77375.019956                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77374.927129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 76988.742964                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77375.019956                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77374.927129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks             1195466                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1195466                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       2217430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           2217963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2217430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          2217963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35705000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 149399390500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 149435095500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35705000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 149399390500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 149435095500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.965580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.887394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.887412                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.965580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.887394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.887412                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66988.742964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67375.019956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67374.927129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66988.742964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67375.019956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67374.927129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                        2240322                       # number of replacements
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1488090                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1488090                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1488090                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1488090                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks           62                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               62                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks           62                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           62                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks        62809                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         62809                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data            105626                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                105626                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data         1164097                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             1164097                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  92092879500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   92092879500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data       1269723                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1269723                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.916812                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.916812                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79111.001489                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79111.001489                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1164097                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        1164097                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  80451909500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  80451909500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.916812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.916812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69111.001489                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69111.001489                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst             19                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 19                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst          533                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              533                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41035000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     41035000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          552                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            552                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.965580                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.965580                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 76988.742964                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76988.742964                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          533                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          533                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35705000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35705000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.965580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.965580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66988.742964                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66988.742964                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data        175754                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            175754                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data      1053333                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1053333                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  79480811000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  79480811000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1229087                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1229087                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.857004                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.857004                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75456.490018                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75456.490018                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1053333                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      1053333                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  68947481000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  68947481000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.857004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65456.490018                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65456.490018                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 384327232500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 15516.268824                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4933376                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   2256706                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.186096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    1121.876545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst        20.246464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data     14374.145815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.068474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.001236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.877328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.947038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7242                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7868                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   7252891                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  7252891                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 384327232500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          34112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data      141915520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          141949632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        34112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         34112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks     76509824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        76509824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst             533                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data         2217430                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             2217963                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks      1195466                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1195466                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst             88758                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data         369256998                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             369345755                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        88758                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            88758                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks      199074688                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            199074688                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks      199074688                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst            88758                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data        369256998                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            568420444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1195406.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       533.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples   2216466.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.041048860500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds        74167                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds        74167                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState             5649226                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState            1122754                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     2217963                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1195466                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   2217963                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1195466                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    964                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    60                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            138250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            138368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            138540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            138671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            138378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            138861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            138408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            138363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            139157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            138642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           138577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           138983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           139067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           138787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           138069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           137878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             74387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             74687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             74883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             75097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             74194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             74647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             74171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             74247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             75072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             74732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            74656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            75166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            75414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            75300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            74508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            74220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.25                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  17383015000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                11084995000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             58951746250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      7840.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                26590.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1936744                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1053069                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 87.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               2217963                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1195466                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 2181693                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   30888                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2530                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    1888                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   4192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   4264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  72945                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  73458                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  73868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  74183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  74198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  74783                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  74316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  74622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  74294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  74271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  74199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  74179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  74664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  74175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  74601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  74173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       422556                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    516.834578                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   317.500681                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   395.048297                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       117944     27.91%     27.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        29716      7.03%     34.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        33653      7.96%     42.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        21275      5.03%     47.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        63534     15.04%     62.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         9002      2.13%     65.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         8225      1.95%     67.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         9460      2.24%     69.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       129747     30.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       422556                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        74167                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      29.891812                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     42.355536                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         74042     99.83%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           56      0.08%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767           61      0.08%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         74167                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        74167                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.117424                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.110784                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.480232                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            69905     94.25%     94.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               63      0.08%     94.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             3959      5.34%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              235      0.32%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                4      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         74167                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              141887936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   61696                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                76504384                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               141949632                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             76509824                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       369.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       199.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    369.35                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    199.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  384327036500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     112592.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        34112                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data    141853824                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     76504384                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 88757.696867083185                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 369096467.812751173973                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 199060533.656042695045                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          533                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data      2217430                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1195466                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     13944250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  58937802000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 9344157831250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26161.82                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26579.33                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   7816330.90                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    87.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actEnergy           1528381260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.preEnergy            812331135                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.readEnergy          7919402400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.writeEnergy         3127134960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.refreshEnergy     30338015760.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actBackEnergy     111579593610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.preBackEnergy      53619894240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.totalEnergy       208924753365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.averagePower        543.611630                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.totalIdleTime                0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 137919615750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF  12833340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT 233574276750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actEnergy           1488747120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.preEnergy            791268885                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.readEnergy          7909970460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.writeEnergy         3112753860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.refreshEnergy     30338015760.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actBackEnergy     112288387470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.preBackEnergy      53023015200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.totalEnergy       208952158755                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.averagePower        543.682938                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.totalIdleTime                0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 136357555250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF  12833340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT 235136337250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 384327232500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst    146029968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        146029968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst    146029968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       146029968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          552                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           552                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42615500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     42615500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42615500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     42615500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst    146030520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    146030520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst    146030520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    146030520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 77201.992754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77201.992754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 77201.992754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77201.992754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           62                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                62                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42063500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42063500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42063500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42063500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 76201.992754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76201.992754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 76201.992754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76201.992754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                     62                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst    146029968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       146029968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42615500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     42615500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst    146030520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    146030520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 77201.992754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77201.992754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42063500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42063500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 76201.992754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76201.992754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 384327232500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           405.797941                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           146030520                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          264548.043478                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   405.797941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.198144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.198144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          490                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          490                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.239258                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         146031072                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        146031072                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 384327232500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 384327232500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock           8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 384327232500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 384327232500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 384327232500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 384327232500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 384327232500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     62520061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         62520061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     62520061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        62520061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data      2433274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2433274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      2498810                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2498810                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 175085781500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 175085781500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 175085781500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 175085781500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     64953335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     64953335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     65018871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     65018871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71954.815405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71954.815405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70067.664808                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70067.664808                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1226445                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             19947                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    61.485186                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks      1488090                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1488090                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2433274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2433274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2498810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2498810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 172652507500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 172652507500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 178314479831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 178314479831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70954.815405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70954.815405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71359.759178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71359.759178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                2496762                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     46145161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        46145161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      1163551                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1163551                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  78700961000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  78700961000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     47308712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47308712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67638.600285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67638.600285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1163551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1163551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  77537410000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  77537410000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66638.600285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66638.600285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     16374900                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       16374900                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data      1269723                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1269723                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  96384820500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  96384820500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     17644623                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17644623                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.071961                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.071961                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75910.116222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75910.116222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1269723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1269723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  95115097500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  95115097500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.071961                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071961                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74910.116222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74910.116222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5661972331                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5661972331                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86394.841476                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86394.841476                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 384327232500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1946.396046                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            65018871                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2498810                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             26.019934                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            189500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1946.396046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.950389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.950389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          323                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          524                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          67517681                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         67517681                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 384327232500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 384327232500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
