
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               315095265500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 345338                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 834948                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   434414                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   289.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1088141474                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   100000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     125793993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.315095                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                315095265500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           5058678                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     125793993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    47374240                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                        154484                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    17694720                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        442815                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   146030520                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        630190531                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  630190531                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             26575754                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            36968347                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3953386                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    835                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           835                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1311                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 577                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       69318                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             124882992                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    124882992                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           314740254                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          102332038                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    47374238                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      65068958                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   17694720                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass               8069700      6.07%      6.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  59683295     44.89%     50.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   130946      0.10%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      21      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      142      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      126      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     241      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 47374156     35.63%     86.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                17694556     13.31%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  82      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                164      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  132953499                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    89                       # Number of system calls
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1183795                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       2400660                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1367959                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          305                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      2738277                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            305                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             545381                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       658519                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           525276                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            671484                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           671484                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        545381                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3617525                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      3617525                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                3617525                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    240049152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    240049152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               240049152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1216865                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1216865    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1216865                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          7684940000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        11304908000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 315095265500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            612691                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1495809                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            7                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1056243                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           757627                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          757627                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           318                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       612373                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          643                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4107952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               4108595                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        41600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    282533120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              282574720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1184100                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  84290432                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          2554418                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000120                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.010944                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                2554112     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    306      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            2554418                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3043732500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3425000000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 315095265500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                    1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data               153452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   153453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                   1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data              153452                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  153453                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst                317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data            1216548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1216865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst               317                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data           1216548                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1216865                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     26325500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 103366129500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     103392455000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     26325500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 103366129500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    103392455000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst              318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data          1370000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1370318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst             318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         1370000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1370318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.996855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.887991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.888017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.996855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.887991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.888017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 83045.741325                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 84966.749771                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84966.249337                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 83045.741325                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 84966.749771                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84966.249337                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks              658519                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    658519                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       1216548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1216865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1216548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1216865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     23155500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  91200649500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  91223805000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     23155500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  91200649500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  91223805000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.996855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.887991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.888017                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.996855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.887991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.888017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 73045.741325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74966.749771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74966.249337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 73045.741325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74966.749771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74966.249337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                        1184100                       # number of replacements
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       837290                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           837290                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       837290                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       837290                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks            7                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                7                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks            7                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            7                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data             86143                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 86143                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data          671484                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              671484                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  56335081000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   56335081000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data        757627                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            757627                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.886299                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.886299                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 83896.386213                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83896.386213                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       671484                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         671484                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  49620241000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  49620241000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.886299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.886299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73896.386213                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73896.386213                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst          317                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              317                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     26325500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     26325500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          318                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            318                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.996855                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.996855                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 83045.741325                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83045.741325                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          317                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          317                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     23155500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23155500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.996855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 73045.741325                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73045.741325                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data         67309                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             67309                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data       545064                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          545064                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47031048500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  47031048500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data       612373                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        612373                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.890085                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.890085                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86285.369241                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86285.369241                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       545064                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       545064                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41580408500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41580408500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.890085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.890085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76285.369241                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76285.369241                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 315095265500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 30496.479841                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     2738276                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1216868                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.250265                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks       0.926484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst        41.730714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data     30453.822644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.000028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.001274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.929377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.930679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2554                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        29998                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  23123076                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 23123076                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 315095265500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          40576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data      155718144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          155758720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        40576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         40576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks     84290432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        84290432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst             317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data         1216548                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1216865                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks       658519                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             658519                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst            128774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data         494193855                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             494322629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       128774                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           128774                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks      267507771                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            267507771                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks      267507771                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst           128774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data        494193855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            761830400                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1317038.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       634.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples   2433096.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.180158434750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds        80289                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds        80289                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState             4307522                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState            1238562                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1216865                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     658519                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   2433730                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1317038                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            152212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            151956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            151902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            151878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            152368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            152470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            152408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            152332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            152324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            152172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           152122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           151916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           151834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           151780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           152084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           151972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             82418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             82310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             82348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             82338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             82228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             82304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             82304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             82304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             82304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             82303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            82302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            82302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            82230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            82300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            82390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            82338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       2.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.26                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  31360003500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                12168650000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             76992441000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     12885.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                31635.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  2220899                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1208216                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               2433730                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1317038                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1211490                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 1211545                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2071                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    2270                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                    2441                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                    2743                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                     863                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                     307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  14506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  14553                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  49896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  81117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  79980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  80320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  80337                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  80497                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  80657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  80642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  80614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  80468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  80309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  80305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  80305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  80306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  80314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  80303                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                  31594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       321637                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    746.332244                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   593.544872                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   364.118121                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2423      0.75%      0.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        53463     16.62%     17.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        16171      5.03%     22.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        15059      4.68%     27.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        19590      6.09%     33.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         9930      3.09%     36.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         9995      3.11%     39.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        11396      3.54%     42.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       183610     57.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       321637                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        80289                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      30.312098                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     26.680237                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     92.336119                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511         80233     99.93%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023           21      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            2      0.00%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047            7      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559           15      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         80289                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        80289                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.403530                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.381033                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.889922                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            65557     81.65%     81.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               15      0.02%     81.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            13234     16.48%     98.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               57      0.07%     98.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20             1390      1.73%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21               31      0.04%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                5      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         80289                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              155758720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                84289472                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               155758720                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             84290432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       494.32                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       267.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    494.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    267.51                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    2.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  315094969500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     168016.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        40576                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data    155718144                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     84289472                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 128773.753346033700                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 494193855.159654855728                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 267504723.900715023279                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          634                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data      2433096                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1317038                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     18822000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  76973619000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 7279570896500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29687.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     31636.08                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   5527229.20                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actEnergy           1145955720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.preEnergy            609086115                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.readEnergy          8683696560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.writeEnergy         3437208180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.refreshEnergy     24873251520.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actBackEnergy      73790799510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.preBackEnergy      58856961600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.totalEnergy       171396959205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.averagePower        543.952823                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.totalIdleTime                0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 151841563750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF  10521680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT 152732021750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actEnergy           1150539600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.preEnergy            611526300                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.readEnergy          8693135640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.writeEnergy         3437651880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.refreshEnergy     24873251520.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actBackEnergy      74507132190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.preBackEnergy      58253734080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.totalEnergy       171526971210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.averagePower        544.365435                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.totalIdleTime                0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 150274395000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF  10521680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT 154299190500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 315095265500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst    146030202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        146030202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst    146030202                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       146030202                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          318                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           318                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     27132000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     27132000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     27132000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     27132000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst    146030520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    146030520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst    146030520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    146030520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85320.754717                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85320.754717                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85320.754717                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85320.754717                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks            7                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                 7                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     26814000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     26814000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     26814000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     26814000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84320.754717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84320.754717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84320.754717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84320.754717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                      7                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst    146030202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       146030202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     27132000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     27132000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst    146030520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    146030520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85320.754717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85320.754717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     26814000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26814000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84320.754717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84320.754717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 315095265500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           262.085908                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           146030520                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               318                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          459215.471698                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             92500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   262.085908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.255943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.255943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          311                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          311                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.303711                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         292061358                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        292061358                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 315095265500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 315095265500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock           8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 315095265500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 315095265500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 315095265500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 315095265500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 315095265500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     63616098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         63616098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     63630471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        63630471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data      1337228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1337228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      1388391                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1388391                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 105249265000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 105249265000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 105249265000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 105249265000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     64953326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     64953326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     65018862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     65018862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78707.045470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78707.045470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75806.645966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75806.645966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       219765                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              2089                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   105.201053                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks       837290                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            837290                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1337228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1337228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1370000                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1370000                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 103912037000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 103912037000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 107032393500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 107032393500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021071                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021071                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77707.045470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77707.045470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78125.834672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78125.834672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                1367952                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     46729103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        46729103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       579601                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        579601                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46115606000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  46115606000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     47308704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47308704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79564.400337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79564.400337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       579601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45536005000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  45536005000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78564.400337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78564.400337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     16886995                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       16886995                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       757627                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       757627                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  59133659000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  59133659000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     17644622                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17644622                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042938                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.042938                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78051.150500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78051.150500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       757627                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       757627                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58376032000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  58376032000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042938                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042938                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77051.150500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77051.150500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data        14373                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         14373                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data        51163                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        51163                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.780685                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.780685                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32772                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        32772                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3120356500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3120356500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500061                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500061                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 95214.100452                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95214.100452                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 315095265500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1920.015798                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            65000471                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1370000                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             47.445599                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            201500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1920.015798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.937508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.937508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          258                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          573                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         131407724                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        131407724                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 315095265500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 315095265500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
