
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               386415983500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 266829                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 825480                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   335655                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   374.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1031070168                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   100000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     125793993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.386416                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                386415983500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           5058678                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     125793993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    47374248                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                        154484                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    17694721                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        442815                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   146030520                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        772831967                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  772831967                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             26575754                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            36968347                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3953386                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    835                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           835                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1311                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 577                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       69318                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             124882992                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    124882992                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           314740254                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          102332038                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    47374238                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      65068958                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   17694720                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass               8069700      6.07%      6.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  59683295     44.89%     50.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   130946      0.10%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      21      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      142      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      126      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     241      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     51.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 47374156     35.63%     86.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                17694556     13.31%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  82      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                164      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  132953499                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    89                       # Number of system calls
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2242453                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       4493984                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2432516                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       124636                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4867595                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         124636                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1069486                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1232811                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1009642                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1182045                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1182045                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1069486                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      6745515                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      6745515                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                6745515                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    222997888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    222997888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               222997888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           2251531                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 2251531    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             2251531                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          9455480500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        11894762250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 386415983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1192146                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2655298                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2082993                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1242933                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1242933                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           521                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1191625                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7301626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               7302674                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        33728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    246850880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              246884608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         2305781                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  78899904                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          4740860                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.026290                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.159996                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                4616223     97.37%     97.37% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 124637      2.63%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            4740860                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3856290500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3651837000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            781500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 386415983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                    1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data               183547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   183548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                   1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data              183547                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  183548                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst                520                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data            2251011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                2251531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst               520                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data           2251011                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               2251531                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38745500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 174948145000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     174986890500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38745500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 174948145000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    174986890500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst              521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data          2434558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2435079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst             521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         2434558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2435079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.998081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.924608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.924623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.998081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.924608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.924623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 74510.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77719.809010                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77719.067825                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 74510.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77719.809010                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77719.067825                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks             1232811                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1232811                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       2251011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           2251531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          520                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2251011                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          2251531                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33545500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 152438035000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 152471580500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33545500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 152438035000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 152471580500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.924608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.924623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.924608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.924623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64510.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67719.809010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67719.067825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64510.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67719.809010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67719.067825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                        2305781                       # number of replacements
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1422487                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1422487                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1422487                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1422487                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks            6                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                6                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks            6                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            6                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks        61308                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         61308                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data             60888                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 60888                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data         1182045                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             1182045                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  93807886000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   93807886000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data       1242933                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1242933                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.951013                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.951013                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79360.672394                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79360.672394                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1182045                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        1182045                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  81987436000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  81987436000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.951013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.951013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69360.672394                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69360.672394                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst          520                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              520                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38745500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     38745500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          521                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            521                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998081                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.998081                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 74510.576923                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74510.576923                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          520                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          520                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33545500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33545500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64510.576923                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64510.576923                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data        122659                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            122659                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data      1068966                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1068966                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  81140259000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  81140259000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1191625                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1191625                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.897066                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.897066                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75905.369301                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75905.369301                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1068966                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      1068966                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  70450599000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  70450599000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.897066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.897066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65905.369301                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65905.369301                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 386415983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7775.638517                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4806286                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   2313973                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.077071                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     301.472111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst        17.648682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data      7456.517724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.036801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.002154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.910219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.949175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1399                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4813                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1757                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   7181567                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  7181567                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 386415983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          33280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data      144064704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          144097984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        33280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         33280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks     78899904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        78899904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst             520                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data         2251011                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             2251531                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks      1232811                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1232811                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst             86125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data         372822839                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             372908964                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        86125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            86125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks      204183852                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            204183852                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks      204183852                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst            86125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data        372822839                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            577092816                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1232781.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       520.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples   2249733.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.009271052500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds        76329                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds        76329                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState             5751488                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState            1157740                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     2251531                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1232811                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   2251531                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1232811                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   1278                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    30                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            139973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            140845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            140846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            140502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            140105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            141010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            140683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            139896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            140911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            140626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           140473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           141281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           141237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           141427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           140496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           139942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             76375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             77439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             77500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             77193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             76179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             77074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             76798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             76038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             77074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             77011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            76808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            77725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            77802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            78146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            77118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            76479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  18418848000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                11251265000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             60611091750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      8185.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                26935.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1939484                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1065086                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 86.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               2251531                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1232811                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 2214544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   30488                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2929                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    2292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   5385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   5503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  75185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  75970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  76257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  76361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  76374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  76666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  76488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  76586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  76514                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  76593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  76372                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  76336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  76864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  76341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  76625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  76330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       478432                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    465.922012                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   266.870061                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   397.161866                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       167408     34.99%     34.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        34567      7.23%     42.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        32352      6.76%     48.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        21713      4.54%     53.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        66167     13.83%     67.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         9603      2.01%     69.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         8122      1.70%     71.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         8513      1.78%     72.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       129987     27.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       478432                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        76329                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      29.480879                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     27.465958                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     33.367202                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         76183     99.81%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           13      0.02%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           22      0.03%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           23      0.03%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           56      0.07%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.00%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.00%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023           18      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            5      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3712-3839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         76329                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        76329                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.150598                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.141957                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.548720                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            70819     92.78%     92.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               98      0.13%     92.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             4869      6.38%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              525      0.69%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               12      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         76329                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              144016192                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   81792                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                78896576                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               144097984                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             78899904                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       372.70                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       204.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    372.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    204.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  386415753500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     110900.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        33280                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data    143982912                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     78896576                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 86124.801822541587                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 372611170.728138387203                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 204175239.557604879141                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          520                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data      2251011                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1232811                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12316500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  60598775250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 9382465887250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     23685.58                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26920.69                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   7610627.98                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    86.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actEnergy           1734384540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.preEnergy            921828270                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.readEnergy          8042446020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.writeEnergy         3226810860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.refreshEnergy     30502739280.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actBackEnergy     114613260150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.preBackEnergy      51867308160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.totalEnergy       210908777280                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.averagePower        545.807592                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.totalIdleTime                0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 133346099250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF  12903020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT 240166864250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actEnergy           1681691340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.preEnergy            893821170                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.readEnergy          8024360400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.writeEnergy         3208191120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.refreshEnergy     30502739280.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actBackEnergy     115121848350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.preBackEnergy      51439023360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.totalEnergy       210871675020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.averagePower        545.711575                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.totalIdleTime                0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 132223158250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF  12903020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT 241289805250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 386415983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst    146029999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        146029999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst    146029999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       146029999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          521                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           521                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40059500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40059500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40059500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40059500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst    146030520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    146030520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst    146030520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    146030520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 76889.635317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76889.635317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 76889.635317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76889.635317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks            6                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                 6                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39538500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39538500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39538500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39538500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 75889.635317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75889.635317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 75889.635317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75889.635317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                      6                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst    146029999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       146029999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          521                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           521                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40059500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40059500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst    146030520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    146030520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 76889.635317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76889.635317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39538500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39538500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 75889.635317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75889.635317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 386415983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           421.496233                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           146030520                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          280288.905950                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   421.496233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.205809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.205809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          515                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          515                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.251465                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         292061561                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        292061561                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 386415983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 386415983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock           8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 386415983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 386415983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 386415983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 386415983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 386415983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     62584313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         62584313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     62584313                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        62584313                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data      2369022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2369022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      2434558                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2434558                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 177071668500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 177071668500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 177071668500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 177071668500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     64953335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     64953335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     65018871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     65018871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74744.628163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74744.628163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72732.573428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72732.573428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1307521                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             19665                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    66.489753                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks      1422487                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1422487                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2369022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2369022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2434558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2434558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 174702646500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 174702646500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 180527559895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 180527559895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73744.628163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73744.628163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74152.088344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74152.088344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                2432510                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     46182623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        46182623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      1126089                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1126089                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  79517124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  79517124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     47308712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47308712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023803                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023803                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70613.534099                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70613.534099                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1126089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1126089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  78391035000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  78391035000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023803                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023803                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69613.534099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69613.534099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     16401690                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       16401690                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data      1242933                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1242933                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  97554544500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  97554544500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     17644623                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17644623                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.070443                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.070443                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78487.371805                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78487.371805                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1242933                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1242933                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  96311611500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  96311611500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.070443                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070443                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77487.371805                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77487.371805                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5824913395                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5824913395                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88881.124802                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88881.124802                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 386415983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1946.800659                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            65018871                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2434558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             26.706643                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            189500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1946.800659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.950586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.950586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          329                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1273                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         132472300                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        132472300                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 386415983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 386415983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
